updated strategy (#4337)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/strategy/business-model.md

PostHog is a for profit company that balances the need to improve the open source code of PostHog with the need to add source-available features in order to generate income. We will build an open core business model.

> ## Why would you work on the open source produt?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why would you work on the open source product?
```

A concern could be that given our business model, we'd only work on paid features.

The reality is that paid features can increase our revenue, thus our ability to grow and hire more developers, who we will use on both versions of the product. When we work on the open source product, it increases the community size, which means we end up with more features, and thus a better product. This means we get yet more community growth and it also helps with revenue growth since the source-available product will also improve.

## Promises

1. We won't introduce features into the open source codebase with a delay.
1. We will always release and open source all tests we have for an open source feature.

> 1. The open source codebase will never contain arbitrary limits (i.e. event volumes, user numbers).

Author: This is rational, but you could argue this for any feature ie:

"0 experiments versus many experiments"
"0 correlation analyses versus many correlation analyses"

So I'm going to rule pedantism and ignore, mainly as I can't see a simple way to word this better! Feel free to commit something if you want to have a go!

When PostHog makes a new feature, we ask ourselves two questions:

1. Is this feature for Creation, Collaboration or Compliance?
1. Would this feature help more users find and use PostHog?

> If the likely use case is use by an individual contributor, the feature will be open source. Otherwise, it will be source available. The exception to this is if the feature will significantly help the community to increase. For example, initially we planned "multiple users" as a feature for the source-available version. However, we decided that having multiple users would help the community to grow, which benefits everyone disproportionately.

Reviewer 2: > If the likely use case is use by an individual contributor, the feature will be open source

This differs to "All new major features will be paid only by default" [here](https://posthog.com/handbook/product/paid-features) which I think we are more aligned with.

How about

```suggestion
### Creation, Collaboration or Compliance**
- Creation: if the feature improves our existing open source products and is focused on helping individual contributors then it will be open source. If it's a major new feature or product line it should default to being a paid feature.
- Collaboration: if the feature helps teams to collaborate on Posthog it should be a paid feature. The exception to this is if the feature will significantly help the community to increase. For example, initially we planned "multiple users" as a feature for the source-available version. However, we decided that having multiple users would help the community to grow, which benefits everyone disproportionately.
- Compliance: if the feature is disproportionately used by enterprises for compliance it should be an enterprise feature.
```

When PostHog makes a new feature, we ask ourselves two questions:

1. Is this feature for Creation, Collaboration or Compliance?
1. Would this feature help more users find and use PostHog?

> If the likely use case is use by an individual contributor, the feature will be open source. Otherwise, it will be source available. The exception to this is if the feature will significantly help the community to increase. For example, initially we planned "multiple users" as a feature for the source-available version. However, we decided that having multiple users would help the community to grow, which benefits everyone disproportionately.

Reviewer 3: `source-available version` isn't a term we use anywhere else. `paid functionality` perhaps?
